1. Mapping the month integer value to the first three characters of the month name could have been accomplished using one of two possible selection constructs. What are they, and provide a short example of how each would be written in C to display the last two months?Ans- To display last two months in C language "switch" and "array" are the two possible ways.int main(void) {Char m m1, m2 ,m3; switch (m) {case 1: m1 = 'N'; m2 = 'O';    m3 = 'V';  break;   case 12:    m1 = 'D';   m2 = 'E';    m3 = 'C';  break;    }Printf(“%c%c%c”,m1,m2,m3);2.  The logic applied to validate the values entered by the user required iteration. What are the 3 types of iteration constructs? What one did you use for the validation routines, and briefly explain why?Ans- The three types of iteration construct are mentioned below,
* While loop* Do while loop * For loop

I personally choose for loop for the validation routine just because when we use this for loop for the iteration first it checks the condition and then follows the loop and also its easy yo don’t have to stress to much you with the for loop we just have to first initialize then we have to put condition and in the end change will be apply to the input  [ for (initialization; condition; change) ] which can make iteration much easier to understand and write where with the while and do while loop we have to put many different logics which would take much time off a developer so its kind of easy to use the for loop in the validation routine.3. Describe what you did to test and debug your program. How did you go about finding where the problems were located (explain how you did this for both syntactic and semantic problems)?Ans- when I completed my code I started debugging my code in the visual studio code  when the debugging stated I found couple of error in my code which is of both  syntactic and semantic so when the debugging completed I saw that I miss semicolon in two lines and also forget to close the loop due to which the iteration is not properly occur in my code but after getting the error I correct it and complete the code this kind of error is consider to be syntactic error. Also, I use to did many grammar mistakes in my codes which is highlighted with the red underline also to match the proper output there are many mistakes of empty line and spaces, this types of mistakes is known as the semantic error.   